Delvir0

high

# Able to bypass the restriction of placing an opposite trade while having a `reduceOnly` order

## Summary
I would like to point out that this issue includes two points of failure. Due to the fact that they have the same orgin or fix, including it in one submission. 
1. Team points out that a certain scenario should not be possible
2. It's possible to place a trade without reserving margin

Comment points out: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/orderbooks/OrderBook.sol#L139C15-L139C111
while this is possible when placing a `!reduceOnly` order and then a `reduceOnly` order. This alone is an issue.
## Vulnerability Detail
When placing an  order, it should not be the opposite of the current size _while_ already having a `reduceOnly` order. This is checked by the following: 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/orderbooks/OrderBook.sol#L144-L145
`reduceOnlyAmount` gets added when placing a `reduceOnly` trade. 
Meaning we can't place a `reduceOnly` order and then a `!reduceOnly` order in the opposite of the pos.size in that order.

The problem is that there are not checks in place when placing the same order in the opposite order (`!reduceOnly` and then `reduceOnly`)
## Impact
1. Code does not work as intended. Team designed this in order to prevent attack vectors
2. Place a trade like this ends up with have a opposite trade in place without reserving the margin which has consequences for liquidation
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/orderbooks/OrderBook.sol#L120-L153
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement an additional check for the above mentioned scenario