0xDjango

high

# Withdrawals can be permanently frozen due to gas griefing

## Summary
The withdrawal queue is processed in a linear fashion without any ability to alter the queue if necessary. Since ether is transferred to the withdrawal recipient via low-level call without a gas limit, a malicious recipient can permanently freeze withdrawals by looping until an out-of-gas error is achieved.

## Vulnerability Detail
Users request a withdraw by calling `VUSD.withdrawTo()` which adds the recipient to the end of the `withdrawals` array. Actual withdrawals are executed by calling `VUSD.processWithdrawals()`. This function starts from the next recipient (`start`) and executes withdrawals until either:

- The contract runs out of ether to transfer
- The maximum number of withdrawals in a batch is achieved (`maxWithdrawalProcesses`)

```solidity
    function processWithdrawals() external override whenNotPaused nonReentrant {
        uint reserve = address(this).balance;
        require(reserve >= withdrawals[start].amount, 'Cannot process withdrawals at this time: Not enough balance');
        uint i = start;
        while (i < withdrawals.length && (i - start) < maxWithdrawalProcesses) {
            Withdrawal memory withdrawal = withdrawals[i];
            if (reserve < withdrawal.amount) {
                break;
            }


            (bool success, bytes memory data) = withdrawal.usr.call{value: withdrawal.amount}("");
            if (success) {
                reserve -= withdrawal.amount;
            } else {
                emit WithdrawalFailed(withdrawal.usr, withdrawal.amount, data);
            }
            i += 1;
        }
        // re-entracy not possible, hence can update `start` at the end
        start = i;
    }
```

If an ether transfer is unsuccessful (i.e. reverts via the low-level call), the failure is noted via the `WithdrawFailed` event emission and execution proceeds to the next withdrawal in the queue.

**However**, there is no protection against the recipient looping endlessly. This will cause an out-of-gas error that will **cause the entire transaction to revert**, not simply the low-level call.

All withdrawals following the malicious withdrawal will not be able to be processed ever again. There are no other functions to remove withdraw records from the queue other than by executing them in normal fashion.

## Impact
- Permanent frozen withdrawals

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/VUSD.sol#L75

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a gas limit to the low-level ether transfer or implement an admin-only function that allows removing malicious records, perhaps by incrementing the `start` storage variable in case malicious activity has been monitored.
