carrotsmuggler

high

# Withdrawals can be DDosed by draining gas

## Summary

Withdrawals can be DOSd by malicious withdrawers.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract VUSD.sol allows for withdrawals to be submitted by anyone. Withdrawals are processed in a queue, and ay user can apply for a withdrawal using the `withdrawTo` function as shown below.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/VUSD.sol#L109-L113

This function adds the user's request in a queue. The function `processWithdrawals` can then be called, which will carry out the wthdrawals. one by one, in the order of the queue. The issue here is that withdrawals basically pay out in the gas token. Thus unsafe contracts can be called in the withdrawal process. This is carried out in the following segment.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/VUSD.sol#L75

If the target address is a smart contract, this line would invoke a call in the target's `receive` function. The target, if malicious, can therefore setup an infinite loop in the`receive` function to drain all the gas and prevent the withdrawal from being processed. Since there is no mechanism to skip a withdrawal, it will also stop the withdrawal for all subsequent users as well, DOSing the withdrawal process.

The attack can be carried out in the following steps:

1. Deploy a contract with an infinite for loop in the `receive` function.
2. Call `withdrawTo` with the address of the malicious contract.
3. Since `call` sends all available gas, the malicious contract will drain all the gas and the withdrawal will be stuck.

## Impact

Broken/stuck withdrawals.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/VUSD.sol#L65-L85

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Specify a fixed amount of gas per withdraw call. This would prevent the contract from running out of gas in a single call.
