0x52

high

# Rogue validators can manipulate funding rates and profit unfairly from liquidations

## Summary

Validators are given the exclusive privilege to match. Any validator can abuse this privilege to manipulate funding rates and profit unfairly from liquidations. Normally validators are fully trusted but in the circumstances of these smart contracts and the chain it's deployed on, practically anyone can become a validator and abuse this privilege.

## Vulnerability Detail

Consider the following attack vectors:

1) Profiting unfairly from liquidation. Assume the current mark price for WETH is 2000. A user is liquidated and 100 ETH needs to be sold. Assume there are available orders that can match this liquidation at 2000. Instead of matching it directly, the validator can create his own order at 1980 and match the liquidation to his own order. He can then immediately sell and match with the other available orders for a profit of 2,000 (20 * 100) USDC.

2) Manipulation of funding rate. Validators are allowed to match non-liquidation orders at up to 20% spread from the oracle. This makes it incredibly easy for validators to manipulate the markPriceTwap. By creating and matching tiny orders at the extremes of this spread they can dramatically skew the funding rate it whatever way they please. Max funding rates can liquidate leveraged positions very quickly allowing that validator to further profit from their liquidations.

Now we can discuss how just about anyone can become a validator and abuse this privilege with zero consequences.

First we need to consider the typical methodology for ensuring validators behave and why NONE of those factors apply in this scenario. 1) "Slash validators that misbehave." Hubble mainnet is a fork of the AVAX C-Chain which is different from most chains in the fact that **[AVAX validators can't be slashed](https://docs.cloud.coinbase.com/delegation/docs/avalanche-faq#what-are-the-risks-associated-with-delegating)**. 2) "Validators are forced to hold a volatile protocol token that would depreciate if they are publicly observed misbehaving." On Hubble mainnet the gas token is USDC so it would not depreciate in the event that validators misbehave. 3) "Blocks that break consensus rules are rejected." The Hubble exchange smart contracts are not part of the consensus layer so abusing validator privilege as described aren't breaking any consensus rules and would therefore be accepted by honest validators.

Second we consider the ease of becoming a validator. Hubble mainnet is a fork of AVAX and uses it's same consensus mechanism. This allows any node who posts the required stake to become a validator for the network. This allows anyone with access to any decent level of capital to become a validator and begin exploiting users. 

## Impact

Validators can manipulate funding rates and profit unfairly from liquidations

## Code Snippet

[OrderBook.sol#L215-L258](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/orderbooks/OrderBook.sol#L215-L258)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The methodology of order matching needs to be rethought to force validators to match fairly and efficiently 