dirk_y

medium

# No slippage or deadline protection for buyCollateralFromAuction

## Summary
There is no slippage or deadline protection for `buyCollateralFromAuction` which could result in a user paying an unexpected price for the collateral if a new auction is started.

## Vulnerability Detail
When `settleBadDebt` is called to settle the bad debt of a trader, an auction is started for each relevant collateral asset deposited by the trader. The price for the auction is calculated at the time of creation and doesn't change as the price of the underlying asset changes:

```solidity
uint currentPrice = uint(oracle.getUnderlyingPrice(token));
```

Therefore, under normal circumstance a user knows what price they are going to pay for the collateral up for auction (besides the sliding scale over the auction duration). However, there is the potential that an auction is finished (all collateral purchased from current auction) and a new auction is created (due to a new call to `settleBadDebt`) before a user call to `buyCollateralFromAuction` is included on-chain. When a new auction is started the price of the asset for this auction is now different to the price of the previous auction (assuming the price of the underlying asset has changed).

## Impact
Lack of slippage or deadline protection can result in the user paying more vUSD than expected for the desired amount of collateral asset if the asset price has increased at the time the new auction is started.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/InsuranceFund.sol#L169

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The `buyCollateralFromAuction` method should have slippage or deadline protection to ensure that the user is buying from the auction they expect.

Since the price is set at the start of an auction, each auction could also be given a unique id which can then be provided as an argument with the `buyCollateralFromAuction` call to ensure that the user is paying a specific price in a specific auction.