oakcobalt

medium

# Risk of malicious user's collateral poisoning

## Summary
Hubble plans to support more collaterals in MarginAccount.sol. When more tokens are supported, a malicious user can enter all collaterals with dust deposits to prevent their account from being liquidated due to out of gas error. 

## Vulnerability Detail
When a user deposits collaterals, the protocol doesn't have a minimal deposit amount check. A user can deposit 1 wei to enter all supported collaterals.
```solidity
    function addMarginFor(
        uint idx,
        uint amount,
        address to
    ) public override whenNotPaused {
        require(amount > 0, "Add non-zero margin");
...
```
And the margin calculation check is performed in `weightedAndSpotCollateral()`, which is wrapped in many parent functions in MarginAccount.sol, ClearingHouse.sol, OrderBook.sol. As long as at least 1 wei is deposited, the full calculation will be done.
```solidity
    function weightedAndSpotCollateral(
        address trader
    ) public view returns (int256 weighted, int256 spot) {
        Collateral[] memory assets = supportedCollateral;
        Collateral memory _collateral;
        for (uint i; i < assets.length; i++) {
            if (margin[i][trader] == 0) continue;
            _collateral = assets[i];
            int numerator = margin[i][trader] *
            oracle.getUnderlyingPrice(address(assets[i].token));
            uint denomDecimals = _collateral.decimals;
            spot += (numerator / int(10 ** denomDecimals));
            weighted += ((numerator * _collateral.weight.toInt256()) /
                int(10 ** (denomDecimals + 6)));
        }
    }
```
So if there are enough collaterals supported, the malicious user could potentially affect all these parent functions where other complex calculations are performed, causing these gas-intensive parent functions to revert.

One example is ClearHouse.sol `liquidate()`, which is called by orderBook.sol `liquidateAndExecuteOrder()` during liquidation. In `liuidate()`, `liquidateSingleAmm()`will make a call `weightedAndSpotCollatral()` under the hood. 

It should also be noted that collateral asset can not be removed from `supportedCollateral` array, which means assets will likely keep growing overtime. And even if the governance set some assets weight to 0, these assets will still be involved in user margin calculation.

## Impact
Parent functions that involve `weightedAndSpotCollateral()` revert due to collateral poisoning and a malicious user's liquidation can be reverted.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/hubble-exchange/hubble-protocol/blob/d89714101dd3494b132a3e3f9fed9aca4e19aef6/contracts/MarginAccount.sol#L146-L147](https://github.com/hubble-exchange/hubble-protocol/blob/d89714101dd3494b132a3e3f9fed9aca4e19aef6/contracts/MarginAccount.sol#L146-L147)

[https://github.com/hubble-exchange/hubble-protocol/blob/d89714101dd3494b132a3e3f9fed9aca4e19aef6/contracts/MarginAccount.sol#L544-L554](https://github.com/hubble-exchange/hubble-protocol/blob/d89714101dd3494b132a3e3f9fed9aca4e19aef6/contracts/MarginAccount.sol#L544-L554)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
(1) Add a minimum amount for collateral assets deposit to prevent dust amount deposit.
(2) Add a function to allow governance to remove collateral assets from `supportedCollateral` array. 