lil.eth

medium

# MinimalForwarder is not ERC2771 compatible

## Summary
The existing smart contract setup involves the use of OpenZeppelin's MinimalForwarder, designed for ERC2771 meta-transaction processing, but lacks proper ERC2771 implementation in the target contract. While this does not create a security vulnerability, it can lead to operational problems as the contract functions will not operate as expected.

Ref : 
- https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/docs-v4.x/contracts/metatx/ERC2771Context.sol
- https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/docs-v4.x/contracts/metatx/MinimalForwarder.sol

## Vulnerability Detail
The MinimalForwarder contract is designed to help forward calls from a relayer to the destination contract, allowing for gasless transactions for the end user. However, without implementing the ERC2771 context in the contract's logic, the MinimalForwarder contract will not function as expected. The contract in question must be ERC2771 compatible to correctly distinguish between the transaction signer and the end user.

As described in OpenZeppelin MinimalForwarder.sol : 
```solidity
   @dev Simple minimal forwarder to be used together with an ERC2771 compatible contract. See {ERC2771Context}.
 
   MinimalForwarder is mainly meant for testing, as it is missing features to be a good production-ready forwarder. This
   contract does not intend to have all the properties that are needed for a sound forwarding system. A fully
   functioning forwarding system with good properties requires more complexity. We suggest you look at other projects
   such as the GSN which do have the goal of building a system like that.
```

## Impact
Without a proper setup, meta-transactions will not work as intended. This will result in operational issues where end users cannot benefit from gasless transactions, a feature critical to user experience and adoption. However, it is important to note that this situation does not result in a security vulnerability as such.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/MinimalForwarder.sol#L8

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If your project requires the use of meta-transactions, ensure that the target contract is ERC2771 compatible and correctly retrieves the end user's address using the `_msgSender()` function defined by ERC2771. 
If your project does not require the use of meta-transactions, you may not need to use the MinimalForwarder at all. It is also highly recommended to perform a full audit of your smart contracts, preferably with the help of professionals, before deploying them to the mainnet.