lil.eth

high

# Need for Order Expiry in Perpetual Contracts Trading Smart Contracts

## Summary

While Perpetual Contracts (Perps) are designed to be held indefinitely, it's still essential to incorporate an order expiry mechanism in their trading process. The absence of this feature in the trading smart contracts might potentially expose traders to unfavorable market conditions and financial risks. 

## Vulnerability Detail
A trader might want to limit the lifespan of their orders to manage their risk. Without an order expiry, a trader's order can remain in the order book indefinitely. This could result in execution at an unfavorable time or price if the market conditions change drastically, here there is no possibility to define one when calling `orderBook.sol#placeOrder(Order memory order)` : 
```solidity
    struct Order {
        uint256 ammIndex; 
        address trader;
        int256 baseAssetQuantity; 
        uint256 price; 
        uint256 salt; 
        bool reduceOnly;
    }

    function placeOrder(Order memory order) external {
        Order[] memory _orders = new Order[](1);
        _orders[0] = order;
        placeOrders(_orders);
    }
```

Moreover even if there is a `cancelOrder()` function , this function require that the order has been validated first :  
`require(orderInfo[orderHash].status == OrderStatus.Placed, "OB_Order_does_not_exist");`
So for a user for which it's order has not been placed yet there is no possibility to cancel it if the market conditions didnot evolve in a good way for him/her.

## Impact

The absence of an order expiry mechanism in Perps trading can lead to a significant financial risk for traders. **Without such a feature, orders might fill far into the future, potentially under unfavorable market conditions**. This lack of control over trade execution may make some traders hesitant to engage with the platform, which could limit its user base and trading volume.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/orderbooks/OrderBook.sol#L81

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
This could be achieved by adding an expiration timestamp to the Order struct, which is then checked whenever an attempt to fill an order is made. If the current time surpasses the order's expiration timestamp, the order should be deemed invalid and not filled. 
These could be features like Good-Till-Cancelled (GTC), Immediate-Or-Cancel (IOC), Fill-Or-Kill (FOK), Day order, or Good-Till-Date/Time (GTD) orders.