MohammedRizwan

high

# In HGTCore.sol contract, Wrong use of access control modifier on pause() and unpause() functions

## Summary
Wrong use of access control modifier on pause() and unpause() functions in HGTCore.sol contract

## Vulnerability Detail
## Impact
In HGTCore.sol contract, pause() and unpause() functions are given as below,

```Solidity
File: contracts/HGTCore.sol

71    function pause() external onlyOwner {
72        _pause();
73    }
74
75    function unpause() external onlyOwner {
76        _unpause();
77    }
```
As seen above at L-71 and L-75, both pause() and unpause() functions has used onlyOwner modifier. pause and unpause functions are basically used to pause and unpause the contract. Using onlyOwner modifier here means giving access to contract owner to control these functions which inturn decides contracts pause and unpause state. But this onlyOwner modifier use on pause() and unpause() is incorrect.

The contest readme says, "
> Q: Are there any additional protocol roles? If yes, please explain in detail:
**There is a governance role.**
It basically refers to team multisig can update the system configuration parameters.
Same as above
N/A

Here it means, both pause() and unpause() functions should use onlyGovernance modifier.

The functionlity should be similar as applied in [OrderBook.sol](https://github.com/hubble-exchange/hubble-protocol/blob/d89714101dd3494b132a3e3f9fed9aca4e19aef6/contracts/orderbooks/OrderBook.sol#L525-L531) which is shown as below,

```Solidity
File: contracts/orderbooks/OrderBook.sol

525    function pause() external onlyGovernance {
526        _pause();
527    }
528
529    function unpause() external onlyGovernance {
530        _unpause();
531    }
```

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/hubble-exchange/hubble-protocol/blob/d89714101dd3494b132a3e3f9fed9aca4e19aef6/contracts/HGTCore.sol#L71-L77

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Discussion with sponsors
I had a discussion with sponsor(@candycarpet) and the sponsor has confirmed the issue. Please refer below discord discussion with sponsor for reference and issue confirmation only.


**Mohammed Rizwan — 07/02/2023 at 2:08 PM**
>In HGTCore.sol,
```Solidity
    function pause() external onlyOwner {
        _pause();
    }

    function unpause() external onlyOwner {
        _unpause();
    }
```
>pause() and unpause() are controlled by owner.....I think it should be controlled by onlyGovernance modifier.
The contest readme says, "There is a governance role.
It basically refers to team multisig can update the system configuration parameters."

**candycarpet — 07/02/2023 at 2:10 PM**
>yeah makes sense

**Mohammed Rizwan — 07/02/2023 at 2:13 PM**
>governance should only take control on such critical functionality.

>OrderBook.sol has governance control on pause and unpause functions.

**Do you confirm this access control issue?**

**candycarpet — 07/02/2023 at 2:15 PM**
>yes

**Mohammed Rizwan — 07/02/2023 at 2:15 PM**
>Thank you!!!




## Recommendation
Use onlyGovernance modifier on pause() and unpause() functions.

```Solidity
File: contracts/HGTCore.sol

+     import { VanillaGovernable } from "../legos/Governable.sol";

       // some code

-    function pause() external onlyOwner {
+    function pause() external onlyGovernance {
        _pause();
    }

-    function unpause() external onlyOwner {
+    function unpause() external onlyGovernance {
        _unpause();
    }
```