p12473

medium

# Frontrunning buyCollateralFromAuction prevents other non bot users from participating

## Summary

`buyCollateralFromAuction` can be frontrunned by a bot. This is an almost risk free arbitrage (depending on secondary market liquidity) for the bot and prevents other legitimate users from purchasing these assets.

## Vulnerability Detail

Game theory states that everyone will wait until the very end to buy the assets since it provides the largest discount but most likely someone will attempt to buy a little earlier. Once someone starts buying, everyone else will start buying as well. If a MEV bot sees this, the bot can frontrun and purchase all the assets. If nobody buys it then the bot will buy it at the very last second to get the biggest discount.

Non bot users will never be able to compete with a bot in this FCFS auction.

## Impact

Other legitimate but non bot users will not be able to purchase any assets.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/hubble-exchange/hubble-protocol/blob/d89714101dd3494b132a3e3f9fed9aca4e19aef6/contracts/InsuranceFund.sol#L184-L199

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use a commit reveal scheme for the auction.

- For example, during the first 2 hours, users can commit a hash e.g. keccak256(auction nonce, price, qty, buyer, salt).
- In the second phase (perhaps another 2 hours) is for users to reveal their hash. Some state variables are used to keep a running record of all revealed prices and quantities that users are willing to purchase.
    - This logic needs to also ensure that the total amount of assets that can be bought by the top X payers cannot exceed the amount of assets to be sold and that any other user that doesn’t fall in this group of top buyers cannot purchase any assets.
- Once the commit phase is over, users in this top paying group can complete their payment to buy the collateral.

Note: do not push the assets to the users but rather have them pull it instead.