lil.eth

medium

# Self-Liquidation/Self settle Bad debt allowed

## Summary

Traders can exploit the margin system by self-liquidating their accounts, thereby circumventing any potential losses incurred through automatic liquidation.
Same is true for validators which liquidate themselves.
Same is true for traders wanting to settle bad debt for themselves (even if in this case it would only be valuable in drastic price crash).
This operation would bypass the typical process involving an external liquidator or a bot, thereby circumventing the intended risk management mechanics.

## Vulnerability Detail

There are methods for determining whether a trader's margin account is liquidatable, and if so, for performing the liquidation. These methods include `isLiquidatable`, `liquidateExactRepay`, `liquidateExactSeize` and `liquidateFlexible`.

Under normal circumstances, when a trader's margin account is deemed liquidatable, an external liquidator (typically another user or a bot) would perform the liquidation, taking a portion of the liquidated assets as a fee. This system is intended to incentivize liquidations when necessary, maintaining the overall health and balance of the system.

However, there is no check in the code to prevent the trader from calling these functions on their own account. If the trader is allowed to perform self-liquidation, they would essentially be able to **avoid the penalties typically incurred in the liquidation process.**

For `MarginAccount.sol#settleBadDebt()` suppose there is no liquidator and a trader has a tremendous bad debt that is above it's collateral amout deposited, he could settle bad debt for himself , seeing his `margin[i][trader] = 0;` value reset to 0 which in drastic price crash would benefit the trader. 

For both case, a trader should not be able to change it's account state other than by depositing, placing orders or withdrawing tokens

## Impact

The impact of this issue is two-fold:

The risk management system is undermined. The threat of liquidation is meant to discourage traders from taking on excessive risk. If traders can self-liquidate without penalty, they might take on more risk than they otherwise would.

The incentives for external liquidators are diminished. If traders can self-liquidate, there may be fewer liquidation opportunities for external liquidators, reducing their potential earnings and thus their motivation to participate in the system.

*** even if there are fees taken when a validator liquidate a position on an AMM it is still a non wanted behavior for the protocol to "limit" the penalty for a bad trader

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/MarginAccount.sol#L322

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/MarginAccount.sol#L340

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/MarginAccount.sol#L358

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check in the `liquidateExactRepay`, `liquidateExactSeize` and `liquidateFlexible` methods to ensure that msg.sender != trader : 
```solidity
require(msg.sender != trader, "Traders cannot liquidate their own accounts");
```

Note that the same is possible for a validator, could be good idea to disallow a validator to liquidate itself
And same is possible for `MarginAccount.sol#settleBadDebt()`.