Hama

medium

# Potential Underflow in Fee Calculation

## Summary
This vulnerability report addresses a potential underflow issue in the fee calculation within the provided code snippet. The vulnerability arises when deducting the discount and referralBonus from feeCharged and toFeeSink, respectively. If the values of discount and referralBonus are greater than feeCharged and toFeeSink, an underflow can occur, leading to unexpected and potentially incorrect results

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability lies in the deduction of discount.toInt256() and referralBonus.toInt256() from feeCharged and toFeeSink, respectively. If the values of discount and referralBonus are larger than the corresponding variables they are subtracted from, an underflow can occur. This can result in incorrect fee calculations and potential discrepancies in the fee distribution and sink balance.

## Impact
Exploiting this vulnerability can lead to incorrect fee calculations and potential financial losses. The underflow in the fee deduction process can result in negative fee values or incorrect fee sink balances. This can disrupt the proper distribution of fees and impact the overall financial stability and fairness of the system.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/ClearingHouse.sol#L331C4-L334C14            
  
                 feeCharged -= discount.toInt256();
                // deduct referral bonus (already credit to referrer) from fee sink share
                toFeeSink = toFeeSink - discount.toInt256() - referralBonus.toInt256();
            }

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Verify that the values of discount and referralBonus are not greater than the corresponding variables they are being subtracted from (feeCharged and toFeeSink).