0x3e84fa45

medium

# Spot market price used as oracle for liquidations

## Summary

The protocol uses the [market (spot) price to calculate the pnl / positional of a position](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/AMM.sol#L329-L336). This approach can result in certain positions not being liquidated when they should be and the generation of bad debt.

## Vulnerability Detail

The protocol determines the `Margin Ratio` of a user by considering both the market (spot) price and the oracle price. . The system is (potentially) vulnerable to two potentially harmful scenarios as the result of price manipulations:

1. False positive liquidations (liquidations that occur but shouldn't)
2. False negative liquidations (liquidations that should occur but don't)

To address these scenarios, the protocol selects the better of the two prices for liquidations. This approach reduces the occurrence of false negative liquidations, but it increases the likelihood of false positive liquidations.

It is important to note that the probability of price manipulation for an oracle price is generally lower than that of the market price. Additionally, perpetual futures require a valid oracle price for accurate pricing. Therefore, having the protection against oracle price manipulations is not effective.

## Impact
An attacker can manipulate the market price upwards and artificially increase the value of users' long positions. The users can now no longer be liquidated even when they should.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/AMM.sol#L329-L336
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/AMM.sol#L485

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to avoid using the market spot price for margin calculations due to its susceptibility to [manipulation](https://shouldiusespotpriceasmyoracle.com/). 
Using the market price for opening a position is unproblematic, since it the worse case the user is mistakenly hindered by opening a position and looses not funds directly. 
However, when it comes to liquidations, it is advisable to opt for the `oraclePrice` or `marketTwap` as they are harder to manipulate.