yy

high

# Arbitrary order cancellation by validators

## Summary
Arbitrary order cancellation by validators. In _cancelOrder, if the msg.sender is not the trader who placed the order, it checks if msg.sender is a validator and if the available margin is less than 0. If so, it allows the validator to cancel the order. This can be exploited by malicious validators.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability from the following code in the _cancelOrder function:
```solidity
        if (msg.sender != trader) {
            require(isValidator[msg.sender], "OB_invalid_sender");
            require(marginAccount.getAvailableMargin(trader) < 0, "OB_available_margin_not_negative");
        }
```

In this smart contract, the condition marginAccount.getAvailableMargin(trader) < 0 checks whether the trader's available margin is negative. If it is, and the cancellation request is coming from a validator, the order can be cancelled.

The contract then checks if msg.sender is a validator by looking up the isValidator[msg.sender] mapping. If msg.sender is a validator, the contract allows the cancellation of the order, but only if the trader's available margin (marginAccount.getAvailableMargin(trader)) is less than 0.

While these checks are designed to give validators the ability to cancel orders when a trader's margin falls below 0, they also present an opportunity for a malicious validator. If a validator wanted to disrupt trading activity, they could cancel orders arbitrarily whenever a trader's margin is negative, even if the trader did not intend or request the cancellation.

## Impact
Validator could cancel orders arbitrarily whenever a trader's margin is negative, even if the trader did not intend or request the cancellation.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/orderbooks/OrderBook.sol#L189-L194

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
onsider implementing additional checks to validate the actions of validators. 