lemonmon

high

# Malicious actor can steal funds from other depositors

## Summary

Right after the `InsuranceFund` contract creation, the first depositor will receive exactly 1 share for 1 depositted vusd token. Then the depositor can inflate the share price to a very high amount, to price out other depositors.

## Vulnerability Detail

If the ratio `_totalSupply / _pool` is very high when depositting, the amount of minted shares received by the depositor can be rounded down to zero. Right after the `InsuranceFund` contract creation, a malicious actor can frontrun the first depositor, depositing the smallest unit of VUSD token and receiving 1 share, setting the supply and VUSD balance to `1`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/InsuranceFund.sol#L104-L105

Then the malicious actor directly transfers a very high amount of vusd token to the `InsuranceFund` contract, so that the depositor after him will receive 0 shares for their deposit, because the ratio `_totalSupply / _pool` is now very high due to the transactions of the malicious actor before. This means the victim depositor depositted vusd tokens and received 0 shares, benefitting the malicious actor who can now burn their share and receive their funds back together with the victims funds, since the victim received 0 shares.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/InsuranceFund.sol#L81-L82

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/InsuranceFund.sol#L107

## Impact

Any deposits can be frontrunned by a malicious actor and then be stolen, due to the victim depositors always receiving 0 shares for their deposit.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/InsuranceFund.sol#L104-L105

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/InsuranceFund.sol#L81-L82

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-hubble-exchange/blob/main/hubble-protocol/contracts/InsuranceFund.sol#L107

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider setting up a minimum deposit amount, so that totalSupply will be higher, making this exploit too expensive to be relevant for an attacker.

Or consider to initially deposit a certain amount of VUSD tokens.